Template: libaax2/title
Type: title
Description: Software install
 AeonWave Audio eXtensions Library install

Template: libaax2/description
Type: text
Description: Please enter the personal product-key:

Template: libaax2/product_key
Type: string
Description: product-key:
 The product-key is a series of letters and digits separated by dashes,
 and was provided when you purchased the software. Without a proper
 product-key the software will function in the Lite mode which is with
 limited functionality.
 .
 Keep this line empty if you did not yet pruchase the product key.

Template: libaax2/failed_key
Type: error
Description: An incorrect product-key was entered
 If you don't provide a valid product-key the software will function in the
 Lite mode with reduced functionality.
 .
 The personal product-key was provided when you purchased the software.
 If you don't have the product-key at hand at this time please leave the
 line empty. A stub configuration file called .aaxconfig.xml will
 then be created in your home directory (or in case of the root user
 in the file /etc/aax/config.xml)
 .
 It is always possibel to add a valid product-key afterwards by editing the
 configuration file and enter the personal product-key between the
 <product-key> and the </product-key> tags

Template: libaax2/copyright
Type: note
Description: License For Customer Use of ADALIN Software
 IMPORTANT NOTICE -- READ CAREFULLY: This License For Customer Use of ADALIN Software ("LICENSE") is the agreement which governs use of the software of ADALIN B.V. (“ADALIN”) obtainable herefrom, including computer software and associated printed materials ("SOFTWARE"). By obtaining, installing, copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE, you agree to be bound by the terms of this LICENSE. If you do not agree to the terms of this LICENSE, do not install the SOFTWARE.
 .
 The complete license is available online at:
 .
 http://www.adalin.com/LICENSE-AeonWave.html

Template: libaax2/copyright_accept
Type: boolean
Description: Do you accept?
 This Software is licensed material an by accepting you agree to be bound by
 the terms and conditions laid out in the Customer License.
